Hello, how are you in this video?
show how you can weave the
crab point
basically the crab point
we weave when it's time to finish doing
a finished in our clothes for
that is better on the shore
finished here I show you with this
dress for example the finished one is left
in this way something even and we could
leave it like that however if we want it
we remain as with greater finished
we can make this point crab that
I'm going to show you is a very nice point
that instead of it is called crab point
because instead of knitting
this point is woven back and what
we started by weaving a chain and now
woven the chain we passed rather we
we go back to the previous point
in this way we put our hook
we take out and with those two centuries the
we come up with another point again we're going to
take the previous point that would be this
we put out we lasso these two centuries
that we have here, we are going to take
another released again the previous point
we put needle we take out
and we take the room again and we take out
we put the hook we take out and we go back to
take out again we put the hook of the
previous point we take out and here we have
two threads
and we go back to draw the point again
previous would be this we put our
hook we take out
and we take the room again and we take out
the previous point we put the hook there
we take out and our two threads we take it out
and so on until everything is finished
back and get here I want you to
see the difference between where
is using the crab point of this
way is how it is and where it is not
using this is how it is there is a
difference and then in which you more
like this dress is two views
then it does not matter where we do what
is this point crab if it is in the part
in front or in the back see
as it is in the front
that's also why it's a nice point
because he has neither backhand nor right
I hope you liked it and so what
Apply to your clothes that are well
until next time